<div class="content">
				
				I have an online job that requires us to communicate using chatrooms, email and skype audio/video. I'm black and many of my assistant managers have been of a different race and all of them have been equally cruel but due to finances I overlooked it because I needed a job. My new assistant manager is a white woman who refuses to communicate with me directly and instead has relegated someone else to do it for her. There was no explanation why.  In chatrooms, she makes it clear that she is singling me out by mentioning all of the colleagues that she had audio calls with except me. After posting a photo of me online things were ok. I appeared to be making friends because they could put a face to my name but as time went on the bullying got worse. Caucasion males w/ photos would not speak to me directly at all instead a woman or anonymous colleague with no photo would address me. There are two Caucasion guys whose job is to answer any concerns we have in chat and they obviously avoid any communicate with me. It's humilating because a white or latina will post a question and they'll address them. They even hold conversations with them but not me. Same for some other minority women but not as bad with me. <br><br>As for my photo There was nothing inappropriate as I am completely covered up and wearing a turtle neck. My name was removed from the the team, she privately erased my photo, and now none of my colleagues communicate with me in chat. Before my photo they would speak, nowAny questions that I have are misconstrued as if I'm harassing her when its a genuine concern. I've spoken to HR twice and while things got better during my performance reviews (i was being severely bullied there) things are not getting anymore comfortable w/ my assistant manager. Everytime I report to work, i feel as if I'm trespassing because I'm completely ostracized. I have no idea why this is going on. I can't reach out to other minorities and discuss their experiences because emails and PMs are monitored. Phoning anyone outside of the administration/ HR department is risky. I know its time to get a new job but I really want justice. I've dealt with this discrimination in the past because of how I look and I'm so sick and tired of it. I cannot help how I look. I want to know what is the next step. im tired of reporting to HR for everything. who else can i reach out to?
			</div>