<div class="content">
				
				I'm not sure if this is the right board for this particular topic, but "bullying" was my best guess for it. Also, this will be long. I apologize in advance. <br><br>I have two sisters. They are twelve and thirteen years older than me. Because of the age difference, I don't have many memories of normal "sibling stuff" that happened before they left home (I'm twenty-seven now). But to call my middle sister, Jay, a toxic person in my life would be a huge understatement.<br><br>My family has told me, more than once, how Jay would drop me when I was a baby. The main incident happened when my mom was out of state taking care of her sick step-dad. My oldest sister was working late, and my dad had just finished working a seven-on shift on an oil rig, so Jay was in charge of me. I had terrible colic, so it wasn't unusual for me to cry, and apparently that night I wasn't feeling well. It woke my dad up, but because he was exhausted, he asked Jay if she minded rocking me until I fell back asleep. She wound up dropping me on my head. My mom says Jay swore up and down that she did it because she fell asleep, but my mom has admitted that she now things, given Jay's treatment of me, that it may have been intentional. I agree with her.<br><br>I only have one other memory of Jay living in the same house as me and my parents. I was maybe four or five at the time, and Jay and I were watching TV in the living room. I don't remember what I did, but she got angry and pushed me down. She then dragged me, by one foot, through the house. I remember having horrific carpet burns because of it. When my mom asked what had happened, Jay told them we had been "playing" and it had gotten a little rough. <br><br>When I was eight or nine, Jay moved into the house next door to me and my parents. She and her husband apparently had a ton of fun inviting me over at night, and then finding ways to terrify me. There were times where Jay would have her husband sneak out the back door when I was leaving, and he'd start screaming and chasing me (we lived in the country, and there was only one light pole on the property, and plenty of trees for him to hide behind). For as long as I can remember, I've had awful anxiety issues, so there were times I'd just fall on the ground, sobbing while they laughed at me. On another occasion, Jay invited me to stay the night while her husband worked an overnight shift. Apparently, though, she lied about the "overnight" part, because around midnight she started saying things like, "Did you hear that?" and, "I really think someone's outside. Oh no." Once I was good and keyed up, she told me to look out the bedroom window, and right as I opened the curtain her husband smacked the glass with his palm and screamed, which scared me half to death. <br><br>It wasn't just her scaring me, either. I have always struggled with my weight, and growing up my family didn't have a lot of money, so my clothes were usually poor-fitting (also it didn't help that I grew like a weed - I'm six feet tall now). Jay decided to nickname me "mushroom" because of my muffin top. She'd call me that in public, and once I learned to stop responding to it, she would keep going and going until she got some kind of reaction or got bored. <br><br>For some reason, I never told my parents about any of this. To me, it was normal. I think it's also the reason I kept spending time with her.<br><br>Jay also loves telling me that I ruined her life by being born. According to her, once I was born my family stopped letting her eat most foods, because they were "for the baby." If she was hungry, she said, she had to "steal moldy food from the garbage and hide behind the doghouse to eat it." She says her singing career (and to be fair, she could have probably made a career out of it - she was really good) was put on hold when I was born, so I kept her from making anything of herself. <br><br>While the frequency of her awfulness tended to be on me, I'm not the only target, or the one who got the worst end of the deal when it comes to her. Jay stayed with her second husband after her oldest child, who was fifteen at the time, accused her step-dad of molesting her. Jay went on to pressure her daughter to write a letter to the district attorney (or maybe it was the judge; I don't remember) saying that it was all a lie. When my parents had marriage trouble and briefly separated, she called our mom, who had moved out, and said "no one wanted her anyway" and she hoped Dad wouldn't take her back.<br><br>My dad is Jay's biggest supporter, despite her accusing him of everything from peeping in her daughters' window at night (which a witness said wasn't even remotely true) to turning him into the social security office, trying to get his benefits cut because he returned to working a few hours a week after he had heart failure in 2005 (for the record, the investigation turned up nothing, and while everyone knows she did it, she's never been approached about it). Jay also uses my dad as a constant source of money. <br><br>I can see what a toxic influence Jay is on my life. I avoid her whenever possible, but I'm often pressured and guilt-tripped by my dad into including her in family events. Mom seesaws back and forth, from saying she's completely fed up with Jay's behavior to saying she feels sorry for her. My oldest sister can't stand Jay. <br><br>Now that I've actually thought about Jay's behavior, I can see that I married a man who treated me almost the same way she did. My (now-ex) husband would constantly belittle me, tease me about my weight (for example, if we'd gone out for a celebration dinner and I ate more than usual, he'd poke me in the stomach and then say he "wanted to see if it would kick"), and humiliate me in public. I wish I hadn't thrown five years of my life away on him, but I'm away now, at least. <br><br>I avoid Jay as much as possible, too, though that upsets my dad, and though Jay uses that as an opportunity to say terrible things about me to anyone who will listen. She has told my friends, when running into them in a store, that I ruined her life, or that I'm a spoiled brat who made her life a living hell. I feel like I'm at my wits' end with her, but I don't know how to handle it, and I don't know if I can be firm with my dad the next time he sends me on a guilt trip for supposedly shutting her out of my life.
			</div>