<div class="content">
				
				My worst bully was during my college and adult years. During my senior year of college, I became aquainted with one of the new freshmen girls. She was pretty and liked to party wild, and I often heard her name being mentioned around campus because of some of the outrageous things she had supposedly done (our school was small and a huge rumor mill). But she was always very nice to me, so I had no problem with her. I was a social butterfly who liked to talk to and get along with everyone. Most of my friends were guys, and I know that pissed off a lot of the other girls.<br><br>At the end of the year during Finals, I began being bombarded with anonymous death threats via AOL instant messenger and the most vicious, lewd IM's you've ever heard. I received them from about 7 different screen names, but I didn't recognize them. The messenger called me a ugly, whore, slut, @@@@@@@, annorexic, murderer, fatass (how can u be both annorexic AND fat?), and an attention whore. They said "my pussy must be looooooose" from having sex with all of the sports teams on campus and that "the smell of my pussy was enough to knock over anyone who came near me.  They also repeated that everyone at school hated my guts and that I needed to leave. Then the sender threatened to come to my dorm room and stab me in the middle of the night and that I should watch my back. Whoever was sending them  claimed to be "the entire baseball team", but I knew that wasn't true. I knew this had to be coming from a jealous (and psychotic!) girl.<br><br>After I graduated, I found out that it was this freshman girl who had been sending me these messages, and she was kicked out of school. She had actually created multiple fake screen names and used both her and her roommate's computer to make it appear as if multiple "boys" were sending me the messages. She said her reason for doing this to me was because I thought I was so hot and God's gift to men. I told her to never contact me again. For whatever reason, she refused to let her hatred for me die.<br><br>Over the next 7 years, I endured more harrassment via AOL messenger and countless threatening voicemails and text messages at all hours of the day &amp; night from her after she got a hold of my cell number (which I had to end up changing). She would troll the college discussion forums and post LONG rants directed at me for all to see. The moderator had to keep deleting them. Whenever I broke up with a boyfriend, she would quickly track them down and befriend them to find out any "dirt" on me. She was constantly accusing me of the most off the wall stuff...such as faking pregnancies &amp; miscarriages all the time, having abortions every month (again, how can you have abortions if you are faking pregnancies?), sticking foreign objects up inside of myself, having STD's, and having a "fake fantasy life". Her two most common accusations were that I was psychotic and sick in the head and that I lied about every detail of my life because it was so pathetic and empty. Every little thing that I ever did or accomplished was a "lie", according to her. She was also keen on insisting that I was jealous of her "AMAAAZING" life and calling me a pathetic loser for having taken more than 4 years to get my degree. When I was 26, I was signed to a modeling agency, and began doing a lot of shoots. That REALLY sent her over the edge, especially since my photos were out there as proof that I wasn't "lying" about my life. A few years later, I got back into pageants and competed at the national level. Seeing me in a crown angered her even MORE, and she began sending dozens of long ranting emails to the pageant directors demanding that my crown &amp; title be taken away. They ignored her, which made her even madder.<br><br>Eventually the time came when I became pregnant. I posted photos of my growing belly, and she ranted ans raved that the photos weren't of me and that I stole them from the Internet to once again fake a pregnancy. When the baby had complications and died, she laughed about it for months and sent me emails  and IM's telling me that my baby was burning in Hell and "BETTER LUCK NEXT TIME BITCH!!!!" Then she once again ranted that the baby was never real. Well if my pregnancy was "fake", then why spend so much time &amp; energy ranting that my baby was burning in Hell?? The ironic part was that amidst all this, she was calling ME "crazy" and "###$ up in the head". Not long after that, she got knocked up. The fact that she was pregnant while I had just lost a baby was the best thing that could have happened to her. She took full advantage of bragging about her pregnancy and sending me emails saying "Be JEALOUS of my beautiful growing belly and my beautiful baby!!! At least MY baby has a heartbeat!!"<br><br>The worst thing of all was when my grandfather died during that time. After his obituary appeared in the newspaper, she stole his photo from the online obituary and used it to make a child-porn MySpace page about him. She used his photo, his full name, my full name, and the names of a few of my relatives listed in the obituary. She covered the page in pictures of dead, mutilated babies, drew some pictures of my grandmother molesting an infant, and then filled the page full of lies about how my grandfather was burning in Hell for having ###$ all of his grandchildren. Then she wrote all about how he was "playing" with my dead baby in Hell and how I was a rotten-egged infertile bitch who would never know the joys of having a child to call my own. Then she used the MySpace page to contact my brother all the way out in Colorado and ask him how it felt to be "sucked and ###$ in the ass" by our grandfather. After the first page was deleted by MySpace, she made ANOTHER one!! We called the police on her for that stunt (as I had often done before), and the police said she broke down bawling like a baby and called her Mommy at work because she was in trouble.<br><br>That was the last bullying stunt she ever pulled on me. Throughout the years, I slowly learned things about her past and her personal life that answered a lot of questions for me. While making fun of me for taking more than 4 years to get a Bachelor's degree and claiming that she already had her Master's degree at age 22, it turns out that she had drifted from school to school, was kicked out of the Teacher-Ed. program for self-mutilating, and never got a degree. During her freshman year at my college, she accidentally hit and killed an 18 year old boy on the interstate and killed him, she made a sex-tape with a group of 6 or 7 boys that got passed around to every dorm room on campus to be watched, she was kicked out of school for getting a DUI while underage, and her sex-tape escapade gave her an STD that went untreated and required kidney surgery. I also discovered that she had told many different boys that she was pregnant amd then suddenly "miscarried". It sounds to me that many of the insults and accusations she hurled at me were really things SHE had done herself! She doesn't bother me anymore, because I hear she's in her own personal Hell these days. Her husband of only one year has divorced her, leaving her as a single mother with no job and no college degree. She never moved out of her parents' home, so they are supporting her and her child at age 25. She always used to brag that she was married and I wasnt and laugh at me that nobody would ever love me or want to be with me because I was "too crazy", but now her own husband has left her and she now has nobody. It seems that he divorced her because she was cheating on him with his close friend...while she was 6 months pregnant. Meanwhile I am working on my Master's degree, I'm even more active in modeling and pageants, and I have a full-time job that pays great money. I hope this is Karma's way of paying her back for all the evil havoc she has wreaked on me and others. It's important to tell my story wherever I can so that I can vent my anger and disgust and so that others will be aware of what morbid depths bullying can escalate to.     
			</div>