<div class="content">
				
				I was bullied by the entire school from 7th-10th grade for not fighting, playing sports, and being a dark-skinned black person (as opposed to light-skinned). I wasn't the only person going through this at that school, but I never got the chance to meet the other afflicted kids. Instead of concentrating on my studies, I had to prepare for what would happen the next day, each day. Whenever I studied instead, I paid dearly for it. I was slapped with baby lotion, insulted by my teachers, had my desk flipped with me in it, etc. Once, I was simply trying to take a piss, and was attacked in the bathroom by a group of five. Got a huge gash on my arm, but it healed up.<br>Standing up for myself didn't work, because, like I said, it was the entire school. No matter what I did verbally or physically, I would be outnumbered (Cowards, I know, but they apparently thought it was ethical). Reporting them to the staff didn't help, because they supported their behavior. One of the teachers once started telling one of the students that no one liked him and he would never be anything in life because of it. Everyone just laughed.<br>The teachers were not all that good either. My algebra I teacher let the students teach the class, grade the papers, and put grades in the system. This was a school that was located in a town that valued sports, fighting, etc rather than academics or anything truly worthwhile. They once interrupted an important exam during school hours for a girls' football game that everyone was required to attend. This wasn't a mostly black school either, it was highly diverse. It wasn't in the ghetto or a rural area either, it's just that the people there were just...evil. My parents' responses at first indicated strongly that they didn't believe me when I explained the situation, but one day they decided to tour the school and found out I was right. They flipped $#%^ and pulled me out immediately.<br>When I left the school and the area it was in, after seeing and being the victim of so much depravity throughout the town, I read in the newspaper that it was voted #2 place to raise your kids. I threw it away and convinced myself the article wasn't real, and that such an outlandish statement would never have become a general consensus. After moving to where I am now, people are respectful, kind, and basically normal. When I was able to simply able to walk down the hallway to class without anyone giving me $#%^, trying to trip me, or anything else, I could hardly believe it.<br>I have made As and high Bs ever since and have gotten into my dream college. I've also gotten to job shadow for NASA. I do admit that it has still been a lot harder for me to trust people now though. I frequently have relapses on what happened and through these periods I feel intense hatred, anger, and sometimes sadness. This can occur at almost any time, at school, at home, etc. I don't really know how to put it behind me, and I recently read that kids who were bullied never truly get past it.
			</div>