<div class="content">
				
				I am simply amazed at the number of incidents once I started researching cyberbullying. To me a cyberbully is that guy that will flick you off in traffic but would never even behaving that same way if he was right in front of you. I think its a spineless act. When I'm online I imagine that the people I'm talking to are right in front of me. It helps me to blur the lines between the virtual world and the real world. To me talking to you is exactly as if we were having a cup of coffee. I behave the same way online as I do offline. So I don't do or say things online that would be considered bad form offline and if I did I'd have the self respect to apologize.<br><br><br>I'd like to add this fresh one. I can not think of a clearer example of cyberbullying<br><br>I'm a photographer and I joined several groups on linkedin related to buying and selling photography. I joined the groups in an effort to offer information on how to market your photographs online without the use of microstock agencies because microstock agencies are really ripping off the photographers. So this is my opinion and many in the groups have agreed with my opinion.<br><br>Once I joined and posted my opinon a member of the group started making accusations that I stole several of the images that were on my website. I admit I was very very angry about this and expressed my anger rather badly but what would you do if out of nowhere someone started insinuating that you are a theif and a fraud. This person actually went to my website and downloaded several copyrighted images and then without my permission posted those images on his blog, in an attempt to show that I stole my images. One of the images is a image of my daughter.  I've never stolen images and all images on my site were photographed by me and the back grounds were purchased using microstock agencies that my web designer purchased. So these accusations or insinuations really worked for him because I got upset at it. Where I come from you don't accuse someone of something with no proof and that's what he did<br><br>Regardless of this fact , this person has gone through alot of effort to try and explain that I've stolen the images on my website. This person has also gathered up the moderators of most photography groups on linkedin to demean and block me from posting. These moderators have gotten together and messaged their members that I am a fraud and scam artist.<br><br>I've only given out useful information and these are people that are in stock photography and microstock photographer businesses online that are threatened by the fact that I freely offer information that would help photographers eliminate the need for the middle man when selling their products. They've made me pay for expressing a truth that every person trying to market their products online should learn and I was only teaching that. I got so many thank you messages and emails.  And a few not so good emails but over all many appreciated the info except a few members and the moderators that are in bed with the microstock agencies.So its very strange that these professional people would gang up to discredit me not one thing this person explained was even remotely true. Why do this to a guy just offering free information? Next thing I know I'm being called a fraud and a cheat. I've been silenced in the groups. Its a small industry online so they are running scared at the thought that photographers could market their artwork all by themselves eliminating the need for microstock agencies.<br><br>I can not think of a clearer example of cyberbullying
			</div>