<div class="content">
				
				Well, its been quite a long time since my last update here.. But it seems that its only now that i am realizing some achievments in self confidence, related to this. so i wanted to share...<br>Last week i spoke to the school's life coaches, a lady that ive been seeing every week for a month or two..<br>In the last 5 minutes of our conversation,she made me realize something.. I realized that i should, and could think of me as someone who has done something that maany people (especiall those who bullied me, whose i know very well) wouldn't be able to do. I moved from brazil to london, leearned a all new culture, language, environment, people... And many other smal lthings, but with bit meanings for me.. (such as speaking in front of 20 people..)<br>I also noticed that, one of my biggest issues, which was my weight.. Is not really significant now. As i realized that when people noticed that i almost dont eat, and i tell them the truth.. (or part of it) them just say ''wow, but you're skinny.. isnt it that she is skinny?'' and its always like that. Which is really good, because it made me realize how there are other people in this world, and not necessarily because some people thought i was fat and ugly, everyone else will. Just because MANY people at once thought bad things about me, that doesnt mean other wont think good things.. I have girls which i dont even know very well in school, but if i play with my hair, try some new makeup or bag.. they notice and stop me and say if they like it. And most of the time they do. <br>And as ive been trying new approaches to socialize with people, ive been noticing that good and positive attitutes will (most of the time) get positive attitudes as well. <br>Also, how making yourself, at leasst, look like you're confident in yourself.. it will make people think the same. Ive just been observing the ''popular'' and ''cool''people of school, and they are not that confident (girls who wear a lot ot makeup, spend hours in the toillets cheking their appearance, and always the ones who ask you for mirrors or lipgloss) they just act as if they know. And everyone believes them. They are not the cleverest, the prettiest, maybe the skinniest, but the nicest... and people just go along.<br><br>So, apparently, ive been learning a few things, and i feel like everyday i wake up stronger, even though im not able to take off my mind the thoughts and write them down, somehow i am managing to be more confident and believe more in myself, and i am actually really proud, as i've been able to do challenging stuff during this time, and show off the confidence i got (and i am still building and improving)... I hope to get to achieve something more, and i appreciate the fact that i can share it with you.
			</div>