<div class="content">
				
				Well, I'm kind of at a loss. Through middle school and high school I was always the odd kid out. I was never really bullied, but I was the kid who sat off to the side, reading and keeping to myself. Years in customer service and retail has thickened my skin quite a bit. Customers don't bother me, and when they choose to scream at me because of my store's policies, it rolls right off. <br><br>But there is one person who really gets under my skin. Before I loved going to my new job. I started in February and it was a different retail than I was used to working (going from office supplies to second hand store is similar in procedure, but a nice change of scenery). I was super excited because they hired me as high potential candidate for a supervisor position, as I was a supervisor back at my other job. She makes me wonder if promoting in this store is even worth it. People have told me "well, she just doesn't like change" or "that's how she is", but it seems so much more than that.<br><br>We are the same level in the chain of command - that is we have no authority. I have, however, started my unofficial training of supervisor duties to get me prepped for meeting with the district manager.<br><br>She yells at me, tells me that I'm doing everything wrong, tells people things behind my back. Apparently she told one of the supervisors that I'm too cocky for my own good, and I need to check myself, all because I can close out a register by myself without anyone hanging over me. She yelled at me in front of a customer for calling one manager up vs another to do a cash pickup. She'll be perfectly pleasant to my face and then turn around and tell my co-worker (who is currently bunking with me between finding an apartment away from her abusive boyfriend) nasty things. Thankfully my co-worker has stood up for me, but it hasn't relieved any of the stress.<br><br>I dread going to work Thursday through Saturday because I have to work with her. Fighting back hasn't improved things either, but it only seems to have made her more angry with me. Such as the other day I was asking my boss for a project to do since it was slow at the registers (I'm confined after tearing the tendon in my knee) and I had already straightened the aisles near my register. She snidely said that straightening was my job and I kind of slipped up and rather curtly said, "Funny, I don't remember asking you."<br><br>Just to reiterate: she is not my supervisor. She doesn't have any authority over me, but she nitpicks at me and finds every opportunity to say some rude comment. I really don't want to find another job, but I've been heavily considering it. No one else at work seems to have a problem with me. If they do then they are reaaallllyyyyy good at hiding it. But I can hold a pleasant conversation with everyone else, hang out with a few on my off days, and am otherwise very happy. I love my job the days she isn't there and am really fond of some of my customers. I even get along with one of our extremely headstrong, stubborn, loud, and very opinionated sorters. Although I'm pretty soft spoken, and non-confrontational so we just may be one of those opposites attract deals, lol.<br><br>I don't know what to do. She's been there for about three years now while I'm just hitting six months. I doubt anything I say will have any value and I really don't want a petty "said-this-said-that" fight. I just want it to stop so I can peacefully do my job. Thanks for taking the time to read this and give input.
			</div>