<div class="content">
				
				Good evening.<br><br>I am terribly sorry if this is very long, and will understand it if anyone stops reading. I am just writing to vent a little, I guess, as I am more angry than anything else and feel like I don't have anyone objective to listen to what I am thinking. <br><br>I work as an accountant in the public sector, and I've been in my current job for a few months. I was already dismissed from my previous job with a very flimsy excuse, and I am shocked to see the same patterns emerging in here. Please, let me explain.<br><br>I graduated last year, and I did really well at university. It took me a while to get a job, but when I did, I really liked it and my line manager was extremely happy with me. I received lots of praise and that encouraged me to work even harder, because I wanted to stay at that company. However, my co-workers were very cold and slightly hostile toward me, and the department manager hated me for some reason that I still ignore.<br><br>During my first quarterly review, said department manager told me that I lacked emotional intelligence and that, because of that, I wouldn't go far in my career. He also said that he was tired of my many mistakes. When I asked what mistakes had I been making, he struggled to find something to say, and brought up something that I had done wrong the second week of being at work and was very minor. Then, he proceeded to demand that I start at least half and hour earlier and leave half and hour late every single day, because if I wanted "to prove myself worthy of the job", I had to "make sacrifices". When I agreed and asked whether I would be paid overtime, the manager reacted angrily and said that this proved my lack of professional integrity and that I was not a serious person, but a "show off". At the end of the review, he said that he was mentioning all these things to me because he really cared about me, and he didn't want to find himself in the position of having to decide that my contract would not be renewed. <br><br>This affected me deeply, but my line manager defended me all throughout and, after the department manager had left, told me not to worry about anything.<br><br>After that, it was constant nitpicking and I was being demanded to perform with the precision of a computer. My line manager also kept telling me to not get up from my desk to even get a cup of tea, because some of my co-workers were complaining about how frequently I went away to prepare tea, and had even been counting how many times I went to the toilet. He said that if I performed to the best of my ability, I would succeed in "shutting them up once and for all". <br><br>However, I eventually became ill and, since I had been in the company for less than six months, they used that as an excuse to dismiss me. The most painful thing was that while my line manager was telling me that I was being fired, he couldn't find any justification for the dismissal; he knew that he couldn't tell me "you've done this and this and that wrong", so he fixated on things such as "you made a spelling mistake when you sent this report, and the numbers on the file weren't perfectly aligned". <br><br>While I was trying to defend myself, I also mentioned how another colleague had pretended to have a very serious infection and had gone on holiday for almost two weeks, during which she kept posting photos on Facebook of her and her friends partying at the beach, and how this was discrimination, because she only got an informal warning but I was being dismissed for being ill for two days. After this, I was accused of trying to bully her and they invited me to leave the premises at once.<br><br>I don't blame my line manager, because obviously the order to dismiss me had come from the department manager, but it still left me really shaken and resentful.<br><br>Anyway, I eventually got another job and exactly the same thing is happening. During the second day of my training, I was asked to make suggestions and ask questions, with which I complied. I was also told to develop a complex report using Excel, and I presented my work to the management team and praised me for it. After hearing my suggestions and seeing my work, my co-workers, who had been really friendly and welcoming until that point, became really hostile and started making comments like "if you open the door, you have to grab the handle" or "will you be able to find the office tomorrow?", which were absurd.<br><br>Anyway, I work separately from the main team, which is in another town, and I have been having lots of problems with both managers and co-workers. The days after I presented the Excel report, a manager came up to me and told me to stop being so arrogant and pedantic. That very afternoon, the responsibility of producing that report was taken away from me with the excuse that the department is undergoing some re-structuring, and they need me to do other things. <br><br>Then, my line manager started being really aggressive and nasty on the phone, and would keep giving me contradictory instructions. She also refused to write any emails to me in order to avoid leaving any evidence of what she was doing, and started to complain endlessly about how incompetent I am supposed to be, even though there weren't any complaints from anybody else.<br><br>After I wrote a letter to HR, they contacted the department manager and he called me to say that I was overreacting, and that my line manager is a wonderful person and everyone likes her, and told me that the problem is that I am "a show off"... While hearing this, alarm bells started ringing and I took great care to send him and email detailing all the contents of our conversation and thanking him for his input. However, not only didn't he answer, but he broke off all contact with me. While I used to hear from him every day before, he hadn't written or called me ever since, until two weeks ago.<br><br>At the beginning of the month, I was given an insane workload due to what I was told were department changes, but I have succeeded in performing it well. However, after a week, the department manager contacted me for the first time in almost a month to say that there were some issues with the way in which I do my job. When I asked him about them, he simply said that I needed more training, but refused to mention what those issues were.<br><br>However, the real problems have started today. This afternoon, he has called me to say that I am performing really badly, that colleagues are complaining that they keep telling me to do things but that "they don't sink in" and that I need extensive training to do the same things that he praised me for in the very beginning, because my performance is awful and he is really worried about how I'm disrupting everything with my horrible mistakes. When I have asked him to tell me what the problems are, he has refused to say anything and has told me to travel to the main office in January to receive the urgent training that I need, because I'm on the verge of losing my job.<br><br>When I have insisted on knowing what the issues are, he has simply answered that he couldn't tell me because he will be off until the second week of January. However, has wished me a happy Christmas while laughing sarcastically.<br><br>Since I looked really upset, my colleague has asked me what happened, and I've told her. Hearing what the manager has said, she has become very angry and mentioned how unfair the situation is. She has told me how a person who started with me and is much less qualified than the both of us, has been given a huge raise and he is now, technically, our boss. She has also mentioned that the "department changes" had to do with me taking on this person's responsibilities on top of mine, while he was rewarded with a much better job for a very lackluster performance.<br><br>I am also very upset because when I took over his responsibilities, several things were a disaster and my line manager keeps trying to blame me for them, and I have to keep reminding everyone that I took over what this person was doing only two weeks ago. To top it all off, he has been given two weeks of holiday for Christmas, whereas I have had to literally beg to be given  one day off.<br><br>I am sorry if this has been too long-winded, but I really needed to get it off my chest. This isn't affecting my confidence as professional because I know that I am a really good accountant, but I am obviously doing something terribly wrong, because people react so badly to me as a person... But  don't understand it! I am not a loud and boisterous and condescending, but polite, quiet and meek to the point of submissiveness. I always say yes to everything and go to ridiculous lengths to try and be liked, because I am terrified of upsetting anyone and not becoming successful at work - I come from a deprived environment and I know very well what it's like to be out of work and have no money. I don't want that to happen to me, but it seems like I am destined to failure.
			</div>