<div class="content">
				
				Tell someone stay around the teacher, transfer thought near someone in authority!  The bully will flea as soon as you share that is extremely traumatic so help your own cause with telling.  Don't get shame or embarrassed about it especially if  boy and girl you suppose to be afraid of men due to the muscle factor if ever tried to put your hands on you.  <br><br>As I heard on Facebook I located a past bully of mine to know about his alter .  His name was R at the time he just happened to have a younger self picture in his profile, 2016.  Also, when a girl named N slapped me in the face I remember sharing the story 2013, because I lost her keys she asked me to hold.  Well I'm absence minded in my preteen years too that is your fault now it is yours.   We're not constantly re living that in our communication, so why has everyone taken a liken to this and become mean via mind control to force us to share I think not.  Is there because my brothers and sisters got scared and I fault their battle when our big brother wasn't home?  We are still thriving today and we will continue to not hold it against family only to figure out what happened in the instances after that back in the 90s when necessary.   I shared that today to let you know we don't constantly need cathartic moments and we don't constantly re-living am not ruminating, this is too far away anyway when in St Louis is probably just more jargon for the sake of story there won't be book or anything. <br><br> -- Thu Dec 29, 2016 3:21 pm -- <br><br> Tell someone stay around the teacher, transfer thought near someone in authority!  The bully will flea as soon as you share that is extremely traumatic so help your own cause with telling.  Don't get shame or embarrassed about it especially if  boy and girl you suppose to be afraid of men due to the muscle factor if ever tried to put your hands on you.  <br><br>As I heard on Facebook I located a past bully of mine to know about his alter .  His name was R at the time he just happened to have a younger self picture in his profile, 2016.  Also, when a girl named N slapped me in the face I remember sharing the story 2013, because I lost her keys she asked me to hold.  Well I'm absence minded in my preteen years too that is your fault now it is yours.   We're not constantly re living that in our communication, so why has everyone taken a liken to this and become mean via mind control to force us to share I think not.  Is there because my brothers and sisters got scared and I fault their battle when our big brother wasn't home?  We are still thriving today and we will continue to not hold it against family only to figure out what happened in the instances after that back in the 90s when necessary.   I shared that today to let you know we don't constantly need cathartic moments and we don't constantly re-living am not ruminating, this is too far away anyway when in St Louis is probably just more jargon for the sake of story there won't be book or anything.
			</div>