<div class="content">
				
				At first I didn't think I would agree with you, because of the difference in ages when the bullying started. But as I read further, I couldn't help but see the similarities in the experience and the conclusions that we came to. I heard so often that one can't be socialized into a gender preference, but I don't think that's true either, because of my experiences. <br><br>But, because my nightmare occurred so young, it's virtually impossible to tell if I were totally straight before it happened, but I know I didn't have a normal sexual thoughts after it happened. My reaction to it on a practical level was to become tougher and more masculine. By the time I was at the age when your experience began, anyone who tried to bully me was bullied right back. By that time I had gained a pathological hatred for any bully that has continued to this day. <br><br>My reaction to it on a subconcious level, was to develop a narcissistic love of my own body. In other words, I became the object of desire rather than anyone I had sex with. But unlike most narcissists, my partners never realized it. The excitement my body caused them was the reason for my excitement. Their bodies didn't count, only mine. Actually, the more I thought of it, the more I came to conclusion that if all men were like me, rape would virtually disappear. They could never touch a woman who wasn't sexually excited because of them. Whether I was destined for narcissism if these bastards had never entered my life I don't no, but it's not a leap in logic to think they had something to do with it. In any case, it certainly made my love life complicated. <br><br>A second, more easily connected problem was my wild desire to be dominated by a man. In this respect, I can understand your tingling sensations under that you experienced. Although I was much younger when it occurred, I remember feeling that tingling sensation as well. Logically speaking, one can assume that they might have been the result of our latent homosexuality or the fear that was generated caused them. Fear can cause weird sensations. I once came in my pants when I was afraid of failing a test in high school. <br><br>Nonetheless, as time passed, I began to notice other peculiarities popping up in my life that could be traced back to the actions of my two bullies. In my heterosexual persona I hated to have a woman assume the top position. My dick would go limp awfully fast if they did. But in my homosexual persona I needed a man on top. But one thing that could get a man hurt real fast, was if an inability to understand my fear of actually being dominated. If he did it with a feather's touch, he didn't set the demons lose that put me in my violent defense mode.  <br><br>I have such a confusing self-image. How can I feel masculine and feminine at the same time? How can I feel so straight outwardly and so gay inside? How could I have lived so long without realizing what I really wanted and acted out the inner me? Why didn't I gain the self-knowledge earlier in my life and act on my real (?) self. <br><br>Twenty years ago, I spent 2 short years discovering what it was like to be gay and then it was over. Circumstances beckoned me away, I made the mistake of leaving all my gay contacts in the city, and before I knew it it was too late to go back. Now I'm an old man and you know what old men are in the gay world, invisible. So it would be useless to think that I could pick up where I left off if I tried. Such is life, even if it has been wasted; courtesy of two brainless morons in my youth.
			</div>